okay so today I'm coming here making a
video with a little review and
demonstration on one of my absolute
favorite cleaners and I just comment
with leech is been around for decades
many many years
it's an abrasive comes in a powder form
and contains Leishman it's a
disinfectant and it spreads free like I
said it's been around for many many
years you can use it practically
anywhere your home from your kitchen to
your bathroom sinks tubs today I will be
demonstrating it on my toilet and
showing you how I clean my toilet with
it
it gets off our littles hard icky stains
sometimes that totally bowl clean you
just don't get out because it's an
abrasive however it does not scratch
your porcelain it won't scratch your
sakes or yourselves do to it so let's
get started what you want to do first is
flush your toilet which I just did prior
to starting this video
you take your comment
you sprinkle it
right around the goal paying a lot of
attention to the outside and not so much
into the water I like to as you can see
I like to sprinkle it on the outside of
the where one you come back here put
your brush you just brushed it all
make sure you get up under that RIM a
lot of stains and dirt and bacteria and
stuff like that collect up on it a room
I like to do two applications it is I
don't know why I've just always done it
like that I'm gonna clean my toilet go
to school freshmen
sit down in that hole
so when you felt like your toilet is
nice and clean
go ahead in sludge and on any other day
I would like to sit in my toilet for
about 10 minutes to disinfect but all
intense purposes I'm going to flush it
now just to show you that it needs no
residue is not scratch or toilet up so
go ahead and flush then there you go
totally sparkling white no scratches no
residue thank you for watching